tools, custom agents, Let
you control all of
these very quickly and
quickly. consistently, right? This
is encoded, right? This
is quite literally in
code. So our agent
will always perform this
way. That's our allowed
tools, disallowed tools. And
then we have something
special here. We have
hooks. If you've used
Claude Code hooks, you
know exactly what this
is. This is how
we can tap into
the permission system. So
we're blocking environment variable
files. We have two
matches here, pre-tool use,
post-tool use. Here we're
just doing some logging,
right? Log tool usage.
We're just calling this
method. That's what these
do. These just point